.\" @(#)$RCSfile: davix-rm.man,v $ $Revision: 1 $ $Date: 2014/05/24 $ CERN Adrien Devresse
.\" Copyright (C) 2014 by CERN
.\" All rights reserved
.\"
.TH DAVIX-RM 1 "$Date: 2014/05/24 $" davix "listing tool"
.SH NAME
davix-rm \- Deletion tool based on libdavix.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
	    davix-rm [options]... url
.PP

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBdavix-rm\fR is a tool to delete resources with HTTP, Webdav or REST compatible services.
.br
The commands can delete resources and resources containers.
.br
It supports the protocol Http (http(s)://), WebDav (dav(s)://) and S3 (s3(s)://).
.br
.PP
davix-rm is powered by libdavix. See libdavix(3) for details.

.br

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBCommon Options:\fR
.PP
.RS 2
\fB\--debug\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Debug mode
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--header, -H\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Add a header field to the request (eg: -H "Depth: 1" )
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--help, -h\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Display this help message
.RE
.PP


.RS 2
\fB\--metalink OPT \fR
.RE
.RS 5
Metalink support. (OPT=failover[default]|no)
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--module, -P PLUGIN_NAME\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Load a plugin or profile by name
.RE
.PP


.RS 2
\fB\--redirection OPT \fR
.RE
.RS 5
Transparent redirection support. (OPT=yes[default]|no)
.RE
.PP



.RS 2
\fB\--proxy, -x URL\fR
.RE
.RS 5
SOCKS5 proxy server URL. (ex: socks5://login:pass@socks.example.org)
.RE
.PP


.RS 2
\fB\--trace\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Traces specific scope(s), options include:
.RE
.RS 8
file - Davix file interface
.RE
.RS 8
posix - Davix POSIX interface
.RE
.RS 8
xml - XML parser output
.RE
.RS 8
ssl - SSL and certs details
.RE
.RS 8
header - HTTP queries headers
.RE
.RS 8
body - HTTP bodies
.RE
.RS 8
chain - IO chains info
.RE
.RS 8
core - Config and misc info
.RE
.RS 8
grid - Misc info from 3rd parties
.RE
.RS 8
socket - Socket info
.RE
.RS 8
locks - WebDAV locking info
.RE
.RS 8
all - Traces everything
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--version\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Display version
.RE
.PP


\fBSecurity Options:\fR
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--capath CA_path\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Add an additional certificate authority directory
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--cert, -E cred_path\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Client Certificate in PEM format
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--key priv_path\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Private key in PEM format
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--insecure, -k\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Disable SSL credential checks
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--userlogin\fR
.RE
.RS 5
User login for login/password authentication
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--userpass\fR
.RE
.RS 5
User password for login/password authentication
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--s3secretkey\fR
.RE
.RS 5
AWS S3 authentication: secret key
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--s3accesskey\fR
.RE
.RS 5
AWS S3 authentication: access key
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--s3region\fR
.RE
.RS 5
AWS S3 authentication: region
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--s3token\fR
.RE
.RS 5
AWS S3 security token - used along with STS temporary credentials
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--s3alternate\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Specify this flag if you need to use a path-based S3 URL
.RE
.PP

.RS 2
\fB\--azurekey\fR
.RE
.RS 5
Azure authentication key
.RE
.PP

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
\fBDelete a file over http
.BR
        davix-rm https://example.org/file1
.BR
.PP
\fBDelete a directory over WebDav
.BR
        davix-rm dav://webdav.example.org/collection/collection_to_delete
.BR
.PP
\fBDelete a resource on a Grid Storage with VOMS authentication
.BR
        davix-rm -P grid davs://grid-storage.example.org/dir1/dir2/
.BR

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libdavix(3), davix-mkdir(1), davix-put(1),
.BR

.SH LINKS
.BR http://dmc.web.cern.ch/projects/davix/home


.SH AUTHORS
Adrien Devresse <adrien.devresse@cern.ch>, IT-SDC-ID, CERN
